\section{Tue, Sep 11, 2018}

There's not much to say about today. 17 years ago there was a most horrific attack on
the United States of America. We refer to it now as 9/11. I don't think there's much
more to be said than that. It is sufficient.

\begin{figure}[h!]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=.5\linewidth]{2018/images/911.jpg}
  \caption{9/11}
  \label{fig:nine11}
\end{figure}

In other thoughts and feelings, life is weird. Odd even. What's the use of even
thinking about anything anymore? I mean, here we are doing our living the best we
know how to be. There's things out there which don't always make sense, and there are
things within our own lives which we are trying to keep up with. What's the point of
it all?

If we're only here for a reason, and that reason is to gain a body and get experience
so that we might be able to live with God again? Honestly? Might? There's no actual
assurance of that even. No matter what we do we will fall short of it all and be
destroyed in the process.

There is the saving grace of Jesus, but the Mormon church doesn't focus on grace a
lot of the time. It's all about us or nothing. If we don't have the ability to stand
up and do our best and be perfect like God is perfect? There's no point to any of it.
We will be judged by our works alone and that's all there is to it.

It's 19th century writings from a 19th century man. That's all the Book of Mormon and
other religious teachings of the latter-day saints are. There's nothing more than
that. There is evidence that things in the book don't exist and yet we are told to
rely on faith and faith alone to belive it's real. Talk about a headache, and to
actually make things make sense? It takes a bit of mental gymnastics to actually take
into account everything that's possible with it.

One cannot have such a conversation with someone who's all in and believing in the
church though. It doesn't happen that way. To ``think outside of the box" as it were,
doesn't even compute to them. They run from it. Because that's what church leaders
have told them. Do not question, do not ask questions, do not do any kind of research
unless it is from church approved sources. It feels a bit controlling if you ask me.

\subsection{3:17 PM}

Ever just wonder about life? How everything is really meant to come around in the end
and how things are meant to be? Does a person ever fully understand or grasp
it?\footnote{Sure there are people out there who claim to have knowledge of how it 
should all work out for the benefit of man, but do we honestly know that for a sure
thing in this life? I just have to wonder at times.} Sure there are things in this
life where we want everything to work out just so. If it ends up working out the way
we want it to, then it is meant to be and we are happy. If something doesn't work out
the way we imagine, then we are in a world of hurt and trouble.
