
Sun May 27 11:09:41 DST 2018

  Shall we talk about this life? Perhaps a moment more. There are things in life 
that make sense and other things in life which do not make sense at all. That's 
okay. Personally there are so many things in this life which don't make sense, 
I wish I didn't have any kind of thoughts about it. But, that's too late. There 
are thoughts to be had. Too many thoughts which don't make any kind of sense.
  For example, this entire thought process in this document isn't making sense. 
Why should it? I feel alone. So alone and so dreadful. Sad? Maybe. Anxious? Most 
definite. What is to be said regarding any of this? I don't have a clue, I'm not sure. 
Whatever happens in this life, we are here. There is nothing to be understood beyond 
that is there? I'm not sure. Being unsure about so many things is just ... it's a waste 
of time.
  So, why do people worry about things that are not under their control? It doesn't 
make sense. It would be better for something to make sense, but that's not how this 
life works. We live. We're here. What more do you want from this life? It would be 
amazing to be able to simply get away from everything.
  But, how does a person get away from everything that is bothering them in life? I 
don't know how any of that works. There doesn't seem to be a way to get over everything 
that happens in this life. Well maybe not over is the correct term, but through it? 
Through it seems more appropriate.
  Whatever happens in this life, we are here. There's nothing more to be said about it 
now is there. Unless you have the ability to grasp what's going on in your life, there 
just doesn't seem to be much of anything which can be done. It's life. You have to accept 
whatever happens and comes along your way. Dealing with such things? I wish it could make 
sense, but in reality it doesn't.
  So. We. Live.
  Living isn't an easy thing though. It comes and goes. People go through this life, 
some understand what's happening. Others do not. There are always two sides to every coin 
right? Yes, it happens. It's an annoying thought process right there. So the mind continues 
to play, the anxiety builds up, and we are left wondering what's the point of any of it.

Sun May 27 11:56:49 DST 2018

  To say we have a full understanding of everything in this life would be absurd. 
There's not something a person has a full complete knowledge of. Why would they? I 
believe there are some mysteries in the universe that wish to remain to be hidden. 
There's not an answer for every question a person has. No matter what they think 
they are entitled to.
  Also, everyone has a breaking point in life. There's no way a person doesn't 
have a breaking point. Who doesn't have a breaking point these days? Exactly. So 
we have breaking points in life. What's that supposed to mean exactly?
  So here we are again. I say again like it's constantly happening or occuring. 
Yes well, that's exactly what is going on. This life just keeps on taking from 
you. It doesn't give much as people tend to have problems. Some more than othes. 
Whatever the case, this life will continue to move forward. Why should it be any 
les?
  I suppose to some, that might be an easy task? If you keep on going forward 
moving towards that which is unkown you will eventually run into it. The unknown 
isn't a real thing to some. There are always answers. Well, those answers do not 
always come out as truth or beyond that moment of light. Who's to say what is 
truth and what is real when it comes to this life? I cannot say for certain.
