\chapter{Law of Common Consent}

If a person doesn't support a policy that was given and is said to be revelation, how
exactly does that get handeled? I dare not ask, because there are a few policies
which I believe they are actually policies but not revelation.

Putting something in a handbook without telling the church is not revelation. That is
a policy change. The handbook is not scripture. Shouldn't revelation be considered
scripture? There is a line between scripture and that which is drafted by lawyers and
placed in a handbook. It even states it's a ``Policy".

\begin{displayquote}
Policies on Ordinances for Children of a Parent Living in a Same-Gender
Relationship\footnote{Changes to LDS Handbook 1- Document 2 Revised 11-3-2015.pdf}
\end{displayquote}

Since when has a policy become scripture or a revelation? Are not revelations from
the Lord considered scripture?\footnote{\textbf{Revelation:} Communication from God 
to His children on earth. Revelation may come through the Light of Christ and the 
Holy Ghost by way of inspiration, visions, dreams, or visits by angels. Revelation 
provides guidance that can lead the faithful to eternal salvation in the celestial 
kingdom.

The Lord reveals His work to His prophets and confirms to believers that the 
revelations to the prophets are true (Amos 3:7). Through revelation, the Lord 
provides individual guidance for every person who seeks it and who has faith, 
repents, and is obedient to the gospel of Jesus Christ. ``The Holy Ghost is a 
revelator," said Joseph Smith, and ``no man can receive the Holy Ghost without 
receiving revelations."

In the Lord’s Church, the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles are 
prophets, seers, and revelators to the Church and to the world. The President of the 
Church is the only one whom the Lord has authorized to receive revelation for the 
Church (D\&C 28:2–7). Every person may receive personal revelation for his own 
benefit.

By every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the Lord doth man live, Deut. 8:3
(Matt. 4:4; D\&C 98:11). [LDS.org]}

So, what becomes of it all? If things in the handbook are considered revelation, but
not scripture. It becomes confusing, and goes against the law of common consent. The
law of common consent is stated as follows:

\begin{displayquote}
Not only are Church officers sustained by common consent, but this same principle 
operates for policies, major decisions, acceptance of new scripture, and other things 
that affect the lives of the Saints (see D\&C 26:2).\footnote{``Section 26, The Law 
of Common Consent," Doctrine and Covenants Student Manual (2002), 54}
\end{displayquote}

As far as I am aware, there hsan't been a sustaining vote on a revelation since the
1978 announcement of the ban on the blacks in General Conference.\footnote{
``Revelation on Priesthood Accepted, Church Officers Sustained," October 1978 General
Conference, LDS.org
}

It would be interesting to list policies and revelations which haven't been voted on,
I'll start with the most recent and work my way backwards? Maybe? Who knows how far I
can go with it. These have been stated as being revelation.

\begin{enumerate}
\item No longer referring to the church as the Mormon church (2018)
\item Discontinuing Home Teaching, adopting Ministering (2018)
\item Combining Elders Quorum and High Priests Group into one Elders Quroum (2018)
\item Children of Same-Gender Relationships (2015)
\item Lowering of Mission Ages (2012)
\end{enumerate}

I heard it considered that because a group sustains the prophet, they don't have to
live by the law of common consent. That because they sustain the prophet, they
automatically accept whatever revelation that comes and is announced. (For the
  record, the Children of Same-Gender Relationships policy, wasn't revealed to
  the membership of the church until after it was leaked. It was snuck in Handbook
  1.)