\chapter{Protect the Children}

Jesus taught the people to not offend His little ones, and encouraged them all to
come unto Him.

There are those who would practice unrighteous dominion towards the children of the
church, and this is wrong. The children of the church must be protected against
predators within the church. It is sad that such a thought even needs to be brought
to people's attention, yet it is real.

Said of children:

\begin{displayquote}
``In some minds there seems to be an idea that there should be a different form of
blessing for children born of non-members and for those who are identified with the
Church; and it is from such sources that in the case of children belonging to members
of the Church `the blessings of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob' and all the attendant
favors are frequently conferred upon the child. This is all wrong. If we take the
example of our Lord and Redeemer, who is our pattern and whose example we cannot too
closely follow, we find that He blessed all who were brought to Him. We have no hint
that He asked whose children they were, or the standing or faith of their parents.
His remark was, `Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me, for of
such is the Kingdom of Heaven;' and He laid His hands upon them and blessed them. All
little children, no matter what their parentage may be, are innocent in the sight of
heaven, and they should be received as such and blessed as such." -George Q Cannon,
Latter-day Saints'.\footnote{Millennial Star 61 (March 30, 1899) and Juvenile
Instructor}
\end{displayquote}

There is also a policy put out by the church in their Handbook 1 for Stake
Presidents, Bishops, Mission Presidents etc that will not allow a child who has same
sex parents be baptized into the church of Christ. They cannot receive a name and a
blessing either.\footnote{Handbook 1, 16.13}

When the child turns eighteen years old, and moves out of their parents house, then
they can be baptized. In effect, they must turn away from their parents and disown
them.

This appears to go against the second Article of Faith which states:

\begin{displayquote}
We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam's 
transgression.\footnote{Articles of Faith 1:2}
\end{displayquote}

Then there is the story in the Bible:

\begin{displayquote}
And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.

And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, 
that he was born blind?

Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of 
God should be made manifest in him.

I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, 
when no man can work.

As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.

When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, 
and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,

And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, 
  Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.\footnote{John 9:1-7}
\end{displayquote}

The man was not blind because of his parents actions, he was born blind so God might
show His work to the people. But the point is, because of his parents actions, he
wasn't cursed. His parents played no role in it, neither did he for he was innocent
at birth. That is how our children are in today's world. They are innocent. Protect
their innocence.

This topic alone could cover an entire book, and it has by some accounts. You can
read more about all of this by going to http://protectldschildren.org.