+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                             Fri May 11, 2018 |
|                                                                              |
| Life Had Meaning                                              Kyle Eggleston |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

  When all is said and done, this life will mean nothing. The experiences will 
carry on, this is true, but other than that it will have been nor naught. If 
experiences will help one in the future, on the other side as it were I suppose 
that's alright.
  Again we thank the author of all of this. The author who has indeed been with 
us since the beginning of time. The author was there the moment we were thought 
up, the moment our lives were put down on paper. They will be there up to the 
day and moment our hearts stop beating and we die.
  Is that soothing? Is that a thought that is pleasing? I can see why it is and 
why it isn't.
  It could be comforting because there is always someone there no matter what. 
They know each step of the road we take and walk in this life. They know where 
we will go, how we will end up. There's nothing left to our imagination. The 
author has our best interest in mind.
  It could be scary in the thought that we aren't in charge of our own lives. 
Now that is quite a scary thought indeed. If we aren't in charge, and the author 
is, how do we go about living? What is all of this meant to ascend to?
  There could be another person, who is not the author but is controlled by the 
author just as much. I shall call this person the narrator.
  Ah yes the narrator, the person who you can hear with in your mind. They speak 
of things as you are doing them. They announce everything and all there is to 
announce. In a way the narrator is like a conscience, it enjoys your life and 
helps you through everything. Sometimes it gets annoying, I'll admit that. Other 
times, it's exactly what you are in need of.
