+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                         Tuesday Apr 3, 2018 |
|                                                                             |
| Don't Look Now                                               Kyle Eggleston |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

  Look around you. I realize I just said not to look, but look. Take a long hard 
look around you. What is it you see? What is it you wish to accomplish in this 
life?
  Some would have you believe in order to be successful you need the following:
    1) Wealth
    2) Status
  At times wealth is a status symbol. Being rich, having it all as it were. What 
exactly happens with all of that? Is it really truely freedom to do whatever you 
wish if you have all of those things? What differentiates you from someone else 
who is poor? Cannot you both be happy or experience happiness? One would think 
that could be the case.
  To experience happiness, you aren't required to have it all. You can find 
peace, joy, and happiness in what you are allotted. You can work hard to improve 
life, that is always a choice, but you can choose to be happy in your life.
  I don't think many people understand or grasp that.
  To experience joy, true joy, one must understand and grasp what that is. I 
would think or assume (I know wrong thing to do most times), that you can and 
will find joy at some points in your life. Everyone experiences joy differently. 
I suppose that's what makes us all unique in some form or another. It's a bit 
difficult to grasp somedays. But that's what life is here for, to help us learn 
and understand who we can eventually become.
  As Star Trek: Voyager once put it, to pass as locals you need "nice clothes, 
fast car - lots of money!" (Star Trek: Voyager - Future's End)
  Is it really that simple? It goes back to that status symbol I suppose. But if 
that's just to pass yourself off as a local? That's not true happiness.
  So, what exactly is happiness? What does happiness look like?
  I fear that not many people know what that is or how that feels. If people 
knew? They wouldn't be constantly looking for it. They're not content with what 
they have, so they keep digging their feet in and climbing that rockface hoping 
for a break of some sort.
  At least, that's how I see it.
  Sometimes that rock face is just an upward climb. There's nothing you can do 
about it. You either keep trying or slide down to the bottom in a failure. 
Either way? It's up to you to figure out what's best and how you will accomplish 
what you set out to do.
