                                  Thinking
                               Kyle Eggleston
                                May 27, 2018

  Why must thinking be a thing? I mean obviously it's how the body interacts
with the rest of you. You think and then you do. Or sometimes, if you're
more on the game of just doing? You just do. It happens. It's been known to
happen on more than one occasion. Whatever happens? Thinking will always be
a thing. That's okay though. Who would have thought of never having or
wanting to think?
  Oh wait I have.
  Seriously, have you ever thought about just not wanting to think about
anything? You don't have to worry about any of it and you can just go on
living your life the way you want to live it. I don't think it works that
way, it would be nice, but it really doesn't work that way.
  So here we are dealing with the thinking that happens. All the thinking in
the world will never save you to the point of survival though. You can't
think yourself out of every possible situation that comes up. That's life.
That's how life works. Don't believe me? Well you should.
  Go ahead, give it a shot. Try to just live your life without thinking. You
won't get very far. Every decision you make is done with thought. You decide
to get up in the morning, you choose to grab a shower before going to work.
That requries thinking.
  I suppose if we didn't ever think, we would be zombies. Or something like
that. I'm not talking about actual zombies that eat human flesh, that's
rather creepy wouldn't you say? I sure would believe it to be quite creepy.
There's no reason to bring in zombies into this like that. No, those are the
zombies that eat brains. The zombie I'm talking about is more of a lifeless
person, just walking down the path without bothering to have an idea of what
to do about anything. Life is crazy but not that crazy.
  Anywho, just go on thinking as you do. It's normal. So do it.