\section{Fri, Jun 22, 2018}

Life is funny at times. There's nothing wrong with that. It can just be
annoying. Like really annoying. Life is strange and odd at the same time. You
live and you die. There's a whole lot of things that happen inbetween it all,
but it's life. It comes and goes without knowledge of everything that is taking
place. That's simply how life has become for most.

So we're here, doing our thing. Whatever that might be. It could be simply
living life. Looking for something better. But if we're constantly looking for
something better, then why are we actually here doing whatever there is to be
doing? I don't understand it. I don't grasp it fully. It feels more of a pain
than anything else.

Why are we even here if this life is full of miserableness and loneliness?
Things which we don't have a complete control over? It feels like a waste of
time somedays. There are just too many possibilites and options for us to mess
with. Life has the ability to destroy us.\footnote{
Destruction can come in many different forms. It can happen physically,
emotionally, spiritually even. There are so many ways in which the human soul
can be destroyed from within and from without. A fire within consumes you to the
point of destruction. The pressing winds from the outside compress your soul
down to nothing. It is a constant battle which we must decide upon. Is it right
for us? Is it wrong? How does any of it actually fully work? So many questions
about this life. So many questions about how everything does its thing.
Sometimes it is better if we do not ask.
} I've said that before I don't know how many times. It is a concept which must
be embraced and grasped. Grabbed onto. Grabbed hold of. Such a life cannot be
held without the possibility of something going wrong. It will have a way to
destroy you in the end. It is only a matter of time.

\begin{figure}[h!]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=0.2\linewidth]{2018/images/time.jpg}
  \caption{Time}
  \label{fig:time}
\end{figure}

Figure \ref{fig:time} shows a clock. Clocks always denote the passage of time. 
They have the ability to show what the current time is, and how quickly time
is moving compared to our own thoughts. Time is another interesting obstacle in 
this life. It has many different meanings to different people. But it is a 
showing of a passage as it were. A continuous moving section which doesn't stop 
or pause for anyone. It does not move in reverse either. It is constantly moving 
forward.

\st{
There are times in this life which are downright stupid. Let's face it. Stupid
comes along and there's nothing we are able to do about it! Why would we want
to? Shouldn't stupid take care of itself? Something along those lines? Just
anything which happens can happen and life just takes over.

It doesn't mean this life is better because of it, it can be annoying as
everything else there is in life. Life will come and create issues. Issues
arise. There's nothing wrong with that. It will always have a way of causing
trouble.

But let's not discuss such things, there's no reason for any of it to be
understood or decided upon. Why bother with such nonsense? There doesn't need to
be anything to do with this. It is a waste of time.
}

Living a life shouldn't be difficult. It shouldn't be hard at all. It is life.
It needs to be easier than we all think it is. There are days where life doesn't
always make things happy. There are days where nothing allows it to be better
than it is. The internal thinking of a person can do this. They have within
themselves the ability to \st{change} determine how they will react to 
life.

Yeah, maybe that's not exactly how I envisioned that paragraph actually working
out. There are days where things come crashing down, there's no dobut about it.
Life is hard. Life doesn't always make sense. Life will find a way to come at
you long before you even have a clue of what's going on. It has always done
this, it will always do this. There is nothing but the ability for life to cause
the ultimate destruction to everyone in \st{this life} existence. It will find 
a way to destroy us all. Do you not understand or realize this? How life will
find a way to make everything displaced? Out of ourder? Out of balance? It will
always find a way to crush us under its feet.

If you but find a way, a simple reason to exist. Go with it. There's nothing
wrong with that. If that simple reason keeps you here? Grounded as it were? DO
IT! Don't look back. Don't think about that which you should or shouldn't do. If
you have a reason to continue on with this life, you must do it. You must press
forward looking for that next bright hope which will find you. Not everything in
life is happy, peaceful, or beautiful. But you have the ability within yourself
to make it that much better.

So, I ask, what are you waiting for? What is stopping you from moving forward
into that great light which makes this life up? What is stopping you from
actually stepping out from the darkness into that light to see what is out
there? What is stopping you from any of it? Why do you feel the need to continue
on in such a path which will eventually be of naught? It will be a way of
destruction. There is nothing good which can come from it. There is nothing
great and wonderful which you might be able to glean from it.

I'm reminded of a time in life when everything was just downhill. Nothing made
sense. It's much like today of all days. Everything felt like it was coming at
me. There was nothing which I wanted to deal with. It was a bitter time to be
alive. Yet I persisted. I continued forward without reservation. There was no
other option at the time for me to do this. It had to be done. It had to be
worked through. This life managed to work out eventually. Sure, it doesn't mean
the rut of life has completely gone away, but it has gotten better over the
years. That's how life responds to such things...it takes what you have.
Destroys you, and then when you think there's nothing left...it builds you back
up. So, let it.

There isn't a reason why this cannot be so. There isn't any reasonable
explaination for any of it. This life will continue to move forward without your
ability to change that. There's nothing wrong with that thought process. It is
life. It will continue onward no matter what you do, how you do it, or what you
want it to do. It will always move forward without any external impact from you.
Do you understand that? Do you realize how ... that works? I fear a lot of
people don't understand or grasp any of it. It will be their undoing. It will
find a way to tear them down to nothing. They will be squished without any
further looking and everything will find a way to be smashed down to a pulp.

Are we not all thought to be processed in that which we cannot live? Do we not
understand and grasp that which we should? You would think this life would
eventually find a way to be better. Anything which comes in this life will find
a way. Be it good, be it evil, whatever the case it will be something. It will
find a way to be whatever it is meant to be.