\section{Sat, Sep 15, 2018}

Today is another day. That's all there is to it. The inward feelings and thoughts
which come across, they aren't the easiest or best thoughts ever. So here we sit
waiting for something better to come along. Will anything better ever come along? I
do not know. It would be nice for something nice to be able to sit and simply wait
for it to happen. Yet, here I am still waiting for closure. What is it I'm waiting
closure on? Well, that's a long story. Maybe I will say why someday, but now? No. It
can't happen and it won't happen anytime soon. So that's all there is to it.

\begin{figure}[h!]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=.5\linewidth]{2018/images/handwriting.jpg}
  \caption{Handwriting}
  \label{fig:handwriting}
\end{figure}

Writing things down has a way of calming you. Be it handwriting, or electronically.
Either way? I feel handwriting has the ability to help out the most. When you can sit
down and write \st{some} experiences out on paper? It's a great feeling. It feels
right and has a way of calming you down. Talk about a breath of relief.

There comes a time in a person's life when all they want to do is sleep. They want to
forget everything about the rest of htis life and simply desire to fall asleep never
to wake up again. It is only a natural part of life is it not? Death is part of life.
There has never been any teachings contratry to that notion. It is the next
eveolutionary process in the steps of man.

So, why can't a person select the time of their own choosing? I mean, isn't it enough
to say ``hey, I'm done with this life. I'd like to go home now." Is that such a bad
thing? I do not know.

\begin{figure}[h!]
  \centering
  \includegraphics[width=.5\linewidth]{2018/images/rest.jpg}
  \caption{To Rest}
  \label{fig:rest}
\end{figure}

Perhaps it is a fixed point in time that we are unable to change. So many options and
changes come through this life, and here we are hoping one of them will be good
enough of a change for us ourselves. What if that's not the case at all? What if such
a change would have to come from a different source? We have agency, as it were, so
why cannot we enable such a change to be made and binding?